[SDK-3811] Push Automation Docs (#5852)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/push_notifications/customization/action_buttons.md

![A GIF of a push message being pulled down to display two customizable action buttons.][13]{: style="max-width:60%"}

If you want to create your own custom notification categories, see [action button customization](#push-category-customization).

> ## Automatic integration

Reviewer: Optional:
```suggestion
## Automatic integration (recommended)
```

> 

Reviewer: Do we generally note the release version in these docs for new features like this?

Reviewer 2: No (the docs are supposed to be universal/timeless), so we shouldn't merge these docs in until the release is out.

> When integrating push via the `configuration.push.automation` configuration option, Braze will automatically registers the action buttons for the Braze's default push categories and handle the push action button click analytics and URL routing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When integrating push using the `configuration.push.automation` configuration option, Braze automatically registers the action buttons for Braze's default push categories and handles the push action button click analytics and URL routing.
```

## Manual integration

> To enable these push action buttons, first register for Braze's default push categories. Then, use the `didReceive(_:completionHandler:)` delegate method to enable push action buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To manually enable these push action buttons, first register for Braze's default push categories. Then, use the `didReceive(_:completionHandler:)` delegate method to enable push action buttons.
```

> #### Step 1: Adding Braze default push categories {#registering}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 1: Adding Braze default push categories {#registering}
```

Clicking on push action buttons with background activation mode will only dismiss the notification and not open the app. The next time the user opens the app, the button click analytics for these actions will be flushed to the server.
{% endalert %}

> #### Step 2: Enable interactive push handling {#enable-push-handling}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Enable interactive push handling {#enable-push-handling}
```
